# Trace events

<!--introduced_in=v7.7.0-->

> Stability: 1 - Experimental

<!-- source_link=lib/trace_events.js -->

The `node:trace_events` module provides a mechanism to centralize tracing
information generated by V8, Node.js core, and userspace code.

Tracing can be enabled with the `--trace-event-categories` command-line flag
or by using the `node:trace_events` module. The `--trace-event-categories` flag
accepts a list of comma-separated category names.

The available categories are:

* `node`: An empty placeholder.
* `node.async_hooks`: Enables capture of detailed [`async_hooks`][] trace data.
  The [`async_hooks`][] events have a unique `asyncId` and a special `triggerId`
  `triggerAsyncId` property.
* `node.bootstrap`: Enables capture of Node.js bootstrap milestones.
* `node.console`: Enables capture of `console.time()` and `console.count()`
  output.
* `node.threadpoolwork.sync`: Enables capture of trace data for threadpool
  synchronous operations, such as `blob`, `zlib`, `crypto` and `node_api`.
* `node.threadpoolwork.async`: Enables capture of trace data for threadpool
  asynchronous operations, such as `blob`, `zlib`, `crypto` and `node_api`.
* `node.dns.native`: Enables capture of trace data for DNS queries.
* `node.net.native`: Enables capture of trace data for network.
* `node.environment`: Enables capture of Node.js Environment milestones.
* `node.fs.sync`: Enables capture of trace data for file system sync methods.
* `node.fs_dir.sync`: Enables capture of trace data for file system sync
  directory methods.
* `node.fs.async`: Enables capture of trace data for file system async methods.
* `node.fs_dir.async`: Enables capture of trace data for file system async
  directory methods.
* `node.perf`: Enables capture of [Performance API][] measurements.
  * `node.perf.usertiming`: Enables capture of only Performance API User Timing
    measures and marks.
  * `node.perf.timerify`: Enables capture of only Performance API timerify
    measurements.
* `node.promises.rejections`: Enables capture of trace data tracking the number
  of unhandled Promise rejections and handled-after-rejections.
* `node.vm.script`: Enables capture of trace data for the `node:vm` module's
  `runInNewContext()`, `runInContext()`, and `runInThisContext()` methods.
* `v8`: The [V8][] events are GC, compiling, and execution related.
* `node.http`: Enables capture of trace data for http request / response.

By default the `node`, `node.async_hooks`, and `v8` categories are enabled.

```bash
node --trace-event-categories v8,node,node.async_hooks server.js
```

Prior versions of Node.js required the use of the `--trace-events-enabled`
flag to enable trace events. This requirement has been removed. However, the
`--trace-events-enabled` flag _may_ still be used and will enable the
`node`, `node.async_hooks`, and `v8` trace event categories by default.

```bash
node --trace-events-enabled
