## Asynchronous thread-safe function calls

JavaScript functions can normally only be called from a native addon's main
thread. If an addon creates additional threads, then Node-API functions that
require a `napi_env`, `napi_value`, or `napi_ref` must not be called from those
threads.

When an addon has additional threads and JavaScript functions need to be invoked
based on the processing completed by those threads, those threads must
communicate with the addon's main thread so that the main thread can invoke the
JavaScript function on their behalf. The thread-safe function APIs provide an
easy way to do this.

These APIs provide the type `napi_threadsafe_function` as well as APIs to
create, destroy, and call objects of this type.
`napi_create_threadsafe_function()` creates a persistent reference to a
`napi_value` that holds a JavaScript function which can be called from multiple
threads. The calls happen asynchronously. This means that values with which the
JavaScript callback is to be called will be placed in a queue, and, for each
value in the queue, a call will eventually be made to the JavaScript function.

Upon creation of a `napi_threadsafe_function` a `napi_finalize` callback can be
provided. This callback will be invoked on the main thread when the thread-safe
function is about to be destroyed. It receives the context and the finalize data
given during construction, and provides an opportunity for cleaning up after the
threads e.g. by calling `uv_thread_join()`. **Aside from the main loop thread,
no threads should be using the thread-safe function after the finalize callback
completes.**

The `context` given during the call to `napi_create_threadsafe_function()` can
be retrieved from any thread with a call to
`napi_get_threadsafe_function_context()`.
